Hi
Mm
huh ha ha ha
It's worse than my game.
ha ha ha
huh ha ha ha
huh ha huuuuu
Oh, see?
huh ha ha ha
That was sad. So many pickpockets.
in Italy. Yeah. My goodness. Everywhere.
she (***)
It's such a disappointment.
yeah i was like oh this is beautiful country but
People are not nice.
yeah so that's...
huh haaa
It was okay.
It wasn't that bad ahh
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, clut it. Clut it.
Cream. It really doesn't have the taste?
much yeah but it's just
I don't know. It's just... It's a cream.
you put it on the yeah biscuit or bread yeah
yeah
Mm
It's wrapped with a pie sheet. yeah
mm
You can order here too. Oh,
huh ha ha ha (***) hha ha ha
in Laguna Beach. It's an Italian restaurant. We order it.
Yeah.
Well, the pasta was meat pasta but...
It was wrapped in the pie.
huh ha haaaaaaaa
It wasn't on the menu
Oh, it was on the menu, but I asked them. They said they can make it.
so they made
huh haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
mummmm
Yaki? Sukiyaki
oh
ahhh
huh ha
okay  Oh was it in Kochi?
Oh, okay. Yeah.  mm
mm
most memorable horrible dish
ha haI remember when I went to China for a school trip.
and they served.
I think it was lunch and
They brought lots of looking good stuff.
but the rice they
The white rice they brought was theirs.
cucumbers in it.
chopped cucumbers all over i was like why they put cucumbers in that
Hot steamed rice. I was like, oh
That is gross. Everything was gross, but...
Bye.
Yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah.